
8 String to Integer (atoi)
https://leetcode.com/problems/string-to-integer-atoi/discuss/746714/javascript-solution-120ms

11 Container With Most Water
https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/discuss/723025/javascript-two-pointer

17 Letter Combinations of a Phone Number
https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/discuss/748548/javascript-72ms

18 4Sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/4sum/discuss/734863/javascript-dumb-four-pointer-brute-force-solution

33 Search in Rotated Sorted Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/discuss/734804/javascript-bs-solution

34 Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/discuss/735025/javascript-solution

49 Group Anagrams
https://leetcode.com/problems/group-anagrams/discuss/750368/javascript-solution

74 Search a 2D Matrix
https://leetcode.com/problems/search-a-2d-matrix/discuss/736803/javascript-easy-linear-search

78 Subsets
https://leetcode.com/problems/subsets/discuss/725759/javascript-solution

80 Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array II
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array-ii/discuss/739705/javascript-solution

81 Search in Rotated Sorted Array II
https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array-ii/discuss/734820/javascript-linear-search

83 Remove Duplicates from Sorted List
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list/discuss/709582/javascript-solution

90 Subsets II
https://leetcode.com/problems/subsets-ii/discuss/725831/javascript-solution

101 Symmetric Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/symmetric-tree/discuss/717857/javascript-iteration-recursion

104 Maximum Depth of Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/discuss/717226/javascript-solution

118 Pascal's Triangle
https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle/discuss/784960/javascript-72ms

119 Pascal's Triangle II
https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle-ii/discuss/786617/javascript-76ms

121 Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock
https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/discuss/792461/javascript-two-pointer

146 LRU Cache
https://leetcode.com/problems/lru-cache/discuss/753891/typescript-double-linkedlist-solution

147 Insertion Sort List
https://leetcode.com/problems/insertion-sort-list/discuss/724134/javascript

108 Convert Sorted Array to Binary Search Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-sorted-array-to-binary-search-tree/discuss/717442/javascript-solution

112 Path Sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/path-sum/discuss/719072/javascript-array-recursion-iteration-solution

137 Single Number II
https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number-ii/discuss/731356/javascript-3-solutions

141 Linked List Cycle
https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/discuss/707585/javascript-slow-fast-pointer

151 Reverse Words in a String
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-words-in-a-string/discuss/746650/javascript-80ms

153 Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array
https://leetcode.com/problems /find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/discuss/739721/javascript-three-solutions

160 Intersection of Two Linked Lists
https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-linked-lists/discuss/709725/javascript

162 Find Peak Element
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-peak-element/discuss/738480/javascript-solution

165 Compare Version Numbers
https://leetcode.com/problems/compare-version-numbers/discuss/746789/javascript-76ms

168 Excel Sheet Column Title
https://leetcode.com/problems/excel-sheet-column-title/discuss/707234/javascript-solution

171 Excel Sheet Column Number
https://leetcode.com/problems/excel-sheet-column-number/discuss/707202/javascript-solution

175 Combine Two Tables
https://leetcode.com/problems/combine-two-tables/discuss/779145/MySQL-solution

190 Reverse Bits
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-bits/discuss/692079/javascript-string-way

203 Remove Linked List Elements
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-linked-list-elements/discuss/707509/typescript-solution

205 Isomorphic Strings
https://leetcode.com/problems/isomorphic-strings/discuss/761606/javascript-two-pointer

206 Reverse Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/discuss/709681/javascript

209 Minimum Size Subarray Sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-size-subarray-sum/discuss/736867/javascript-two-pointer-solution

220 Contains Duplicate III
https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate-iii/discuss/724142/javascript-two-pointer

228 Summary Ranges
https://leetcode.com/problems/summary-ranges/discuss/738277/javascript-solution

229 Majority Element II
https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element-ii/discuss/735001/javascript-solution

234 Palindrome Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list/discuss/707551/typescript-solution

238 Product of Array Except Self
https://leetcode.com/problems/product-of-array-except-self/discuss/744838/javascript-100ms

260 Single Number III
https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number-iii/discuss/731387/javascript-easy

290 Word Pattern
https://leetcode.com/problems/word-pattern/discuss/748653/javascript-double-array-and-two-pointer

318 Maximum Product of Word Lengths
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-product-of-word-lengths/discuss/731331/javascript-two-pointer

338 Counting Bits
https://leetcode.com/problems/counting-bits/discuss/733356/javascript-three-solution

347 Top K Frequent Elements
https://leetcode.com/problems/top-k-frequent-elements/discuss/767821/javascript-solution

350 Intersection of Two Arrays II
https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-arrays-ii/discuss/702929/javascript-hashmap-solution

389 Find the Difference
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-difference/discuss/772066/javascript-84ms

412 Fizz Buzz
https://leetcode.com/problems/fizz-buzz/discuss/774053/javascript-nested-if-else-84ms

421 Maximum XOR of Two Numbers in an Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-xor-of-two-numbers-in-an-array/discuss/731419/javascript-two-pointer

442 Find All Duplicates in an Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-all-duplicates-in-an-array/discuss/720439/javascript-brute-force

451 Sort Characters By Frequency
https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-characters-by-frequency/discuss/773823/javascript-solution

461 Hamming Distance
https://leetcode.com/problems/hamming-distance/discuss/692959/JavaScript-97.08

485 Max Consecutive Ones
https://leetcode.com/problems/max-consecutive-ones/discuss/788802/javascript-stack-solution-84ms

496 Next Greater Element I
https://leetcode.com/problems/next-greater-element-i/discuss/704481/javascript-solution

504 Base 7
https://leetcode.com/problems/base-7/discuss/778907/javascript-toString()-easy-76ms

506 Relative Ranks
https://leetcode.com/problems/relative-ranks/discuss/783132/javascript-solution

532 K-diff Pairs in an Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/k-diff-pairs-in-an-array/discuss/693032/javascript-two-pointer

559 Maximum Depth of N-ary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-n-ary-tree/discuss/712597/javascript-solution

575 Distribute Candies
https://leetcode.com/problems/distribute-candies/discuss/771804/javascript-solution-144ms

581 Shortest Unsorted Continuous Subarray
https://leetcode.com/problems/shortest-unsorted-continuous-subarray/discuss/780222/javascript-92ms-faster-than-83.06

589 N-ary Tree Preorder Traversal
https://leetcode.com/problems/n-ary-tree-preorder-traversal/discuss/711030/javascript-solution

590 N-ary Tree Postorder Traversal
https://leetcode.com/problems/n-ary-tree-postorder-traversal/discuss/712496/javascript-solution

595 Big Countries
https://leetcode.com/problems/big-countries/discuss/773640/MySQL-faster-than-33.54-memory-100.00

605 Can Place Flowers
https://leetcode.com/problems/can-place-flowers/discuss/780317/javascript-solution-80ms

611 Valid Triangle Number
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-triangle-number/discuss/741244/javascript-three-pointer-easy

617 Merge Two Binary Trees
https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-binary-trees/discuss/715773/javascript-solution

620 Not Boring Movies
https://leetcode.com/problems/not-boring-movies/discuss/773851/MySQL-faster-than-84.14-memory-100

622 Design Circular Queue
https://leetcode.com/problems/design-circular-queue/discuss/759677/typescript-solution

627 Swap Salary
https://leetcode.com/problems/swap-salary/discuss/773722/MySQL-faster-than-47.93-memory-100

628 Maximum Product of Three Numbers
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-product-of-three-numbers/discuss/780189/javascript-sort()-solution

633 Sum of Square Numbers
https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-of-square-numbers/discuss/682921/javascript-hashmap-solution

637 Average of Levels in Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/average-of-levels-in-binary-tree/discuss/713909/typescript-tree-to-array-solution

643 Maximum Average Subarray I
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-average-subarray-i/discuss/790654/javascript-stack-solution-160ms

648 Replace Words
https://leetcode.com/problems/replace-words/discuss/766073/javascript-solution-use-multiArray-instead-of-Map

653 Two Sum IV - Input is a BST
https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-iv-input-is-a-bst/discuss/710948/typescript-solution

665 Non-decreasing Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/non-decreasing-array/discuss/707157/javascript-solution

669 Trim a Binary Search Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/trim-a-binary-search-tree/discuss/717384/javascript-solution

670 Maximum Swap
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-swap/discuss/738507/javascript-solution

671 Second Minimum Node In a Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/second-minimum-node-in-a-binary-tree/discuss/717921/javascript-transfer-to-array-iteration-recursion

674 Longest Continuous Increasing Subsequence
https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-continuous-increasing-subsequence/discuss/792532/javascript-stack-solution-76ms

682 Baseball Game
https://leetcode.com/problems/baseball-game/discuss/705731/javascript-solution

687 Longest Univalue Path
https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-univalue-path/discuss/719207/javascript-recursion

692 Top K Frequent Words
https://leetcode.com/problems/top-k-frequent-words/discuss/766175/javascript-96ms

697 Degree of an Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/degree-of-an-array/discuss/783316/javascript-item-freq-brute-force-solution

700 Search in a Binary Search Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-a-binary-search-tree/discuss/715877/javascript-solution

713 Subarray Product Less Than K
https://leetcode.com/problems/subarray-product-less-than-k/discuss/737896/javascript-sliding-window-solution-faster-than-92.06

717 1-bit and 2-bit Characters
https://leetcode.com/problems/1-bit-and-2-bit-characters/discuss/792776/javascript-stack-68ms-faster-than-90.70

739 Daily Temperatures
https://leetcode.com/problems/daily-temperatures/discuss/768428/javascript-two-pointer

775 Global and Local Inversions
https://leetcode.com/problems/global-and-local-inversions/discuss/738305/javascript-two-pointer

795 Number of Subarrays with Bounded Maximum
https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-subarrays-with-bounded-maximum/discuss/740058/javascript-sliding-window

796 Rotate String
https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-string/discuss/783198/javascript-stack-solution-76ms

811 Subdomain Visit Count
https://leetcode.com/problems/subdomain-visit-count/discuss/778845/javascript-HashSet-solution-112ms

821 Shortest Distance to a Character
https://leetcode.com/problems/shortest-distance-to-a-character/discuss/774005/javascript-solution-compare-with-left-closest-and-right-closest-char-get-min

825 Friends Of Appropriate Ages
https://leetcode.com/problems/friends-of-appropriate-ages/discuss/738407/javascript-two-pointer

832 Flipping an Image
https://leetcode.com/problems/flipping-an-image/discuss/773759/javascript-solution

844 Backspace String Compare
https://leetcode.com/problems/backspace-string-compare/discuss/779205/javascript-stack-two-solutions

849 Maximize Distance to Closest Person
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximize-distance-to-closest-person/discuss/783439/javascript-two-pointer-left-and-right-search-84ms

872 Leaf-Similar Trees
https://leetcode.com/problems/leaf-similar-trees/discuss/713870/typescript-tree-to-array-solution

876 Middle of the Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/middle-of-the-linked-list/discuss/709666/javascript-solution

888 Fair Candy Swap
https://leetcode.com/problems/fair-candy-swap/discuss/783921/javascript-solution

890 Find and Replace Pattern
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-and-replace-pattern/discuss/751940/javascript-Two-Hash-Table-with-MultiArray-Records-80ms-faster-than-54.31

893 Groups of Special-Equivalent Strings
https://leetcode.com/problems/groups-of-special-equivalent-strings/discuss/775563/javascript-Solution%3A-total-odd-char-sort()-%2B-total-even-char-sort()-and-get-category

894 All Possible Full Binary Trees
https://leetcode.com/problems/all-possible-full-binary-trees/discuss/719335/javascript-solution

896 Monotonic Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/monotonic-array/discuss/783828/javascript-every()-solution-92ms

897 Increasing Order Search Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/increasing-order-search-tree/discuss/712553/javascript-solution

914 X of a Kind in a Deck of Cards
https://leetcode.com/problems/x-of-a-kind-in-a-deck-of-cards/discuss/784226/javascript-solution-104ms

915 Partition Array into Disjoint Intervals
https://leetcode.com/problems/partition-array-into-disjoint-intervals/discuss/739772/javascript-solution

941 Valid Mountain Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-mountain-array/discuss/679591/javascript-easy

962 Maximum Width Ramp
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-width-ramp/discuss/739736/javascript-two-pointer

965 Univalued Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/univalued-binary-tree/discuss/713696/typescript-tree-to-array-solution

973 K Closest Points to Origin
https://leetcode.com/problems/k-closest-points-to-origin/discuss/727596/javascript-1-line-code-81.61

985 Sum of Even Numbers After Queries
https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-of-even-numbers-after-queries/discuss/777239/javascript-132ms-faster-than-72.94

989 Add to Array-Form of Integer
https://leetcode.com/problems/add-to-array-form-of-integer/discuss/777169/java-BigInteger-easy

993 Cousins in Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/cousins-in-binary-tree/discuss/717674/javascript-dfs-and-bfs-solution

1002 Find Common Characters
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-common-characters/discuss/770282/javascript-hashMap-records-96ms

1007 Minimum Domino Rotations For Equal Row
https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-domino-rotations-for-equal-row/discuss/723151/javascript-solution

1013 Partition Array Into Three Parts With Equal Sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/partition-array-into-three-parts-with-equal-sum/discuss/792308/javascript-92ms

1014 Best Sightseeing Pair
https://leetcode.com/problems/best-sightseeing-pair/discuss/741360/javascript-two-pointer

1022 Sum of Root To Leaf Binary Numbers
https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-of-root-to-leaf-binary-numbers/discuss/713781/typescript-tree-to-array-solution

1047 Remove All Adjacent Duplicates In String
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-all-adjacent-duplicates-in-string/discuss/773787/javascript-stack-solution

1089 Duplicate Zeros
https://leetcode.com/problems/duplicate-zeros/discuss/788831/javascript-stack-solution-80ms-faster-than-88.45

1122 Relative Sort Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/relative-sort-array/discuss/709518/javascript-solution

1131 Maximum of Absolute Value Expression
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-of-absolute-value-expression/discuss/731413/javascript-two-pointer

1160 Find Words That Can Be Formed by Characters
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-words-that-can-be-formed-by-characters/discuss/771971/javascript-solution-100ms-faster-than-94.82

1185 Day of the Week
https://leetcode.com/problems/day-of-the-week/discuss/777347/javascript-64ms-faster-than-88.83

1239 Maximum Length of a Concatenated String with Unique Characters
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-length-of-a-concatenated-string-with-unique-characters/discuss/731112/javascript-solution

1267 Count Servers that Communicate
https://leetcode.com/problems/count-servers-that-communicate/discuss/744897/javascript-JSON-data-%2B-two-pointer-solution

1290 Convert Binary Number in a Linked List to Integer
https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-binary-number-in-a-linked-list-to-integer/discuss/709693/javascript-solution

1302 Deepest Leaves Sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/deepest-leaves-sum/discuss/719225/javascript-parse-to-array-solution

1305 All Elements in Two Binary Search Trees
https://leetcode.com/problems/all-elements-in-two-binary-search-trees/discuss/719247/javascript-dfs-to-array

1310 XOR Queries of a Subarray
https://leetcode.com/problems/xor-queries-of-a-subarray/discuss/733302/javascript-solution

1318 Minimum Flips to Make a OR b Equal to c
https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-flips-to-make-a-or-b-equal-to-c/discuss/731454/javascript-String-solution-faster-than-68.18-100-memory

1324 print Words Vertically
https://leetcode.com/problems/print-words-vertically/discuss/751858/javascript-solution-68ms

1328 Break a Palindrome
https://leetcode.com/problems/break-a-palindrome/discuss/748350/javascript-72ms

1333 Filter Restaurants by Vegan-Friendly, Price and Distance
https://leetcode.com/problems/filter-restaurants-by-vegan-friendly-price-and-distance/discuss/726382/javascript-solution

1347 Minimum Number of Steps to Make Two Strings Anagram
https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-steps-to-make-two-strings-anagram/discuss/752068/javascript-solution

1360 Number of Days Between Two Dates
https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-days-between-two-dates/discuss/778894/javascript-80ms-compared-with-01-01-1971

1387 Sort Integers by The Power Value
https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-integers-by-the-power-value/discuss/727640/javascript-solution

1395 Count Number of Teams
https://leetcode.com/problems/count-number-of-teams/discuss/720817/javascript-three-pointer

1409 Queries on a Permutation With Key
https://leetcode.com/problems/queries-on-a-permutation-with-key/discuss/720793/javascript-solution

1410 HTML Entity Parser
https://leetcode.com/problems/html-entity-parser/discuss/749981/javascript-solution

1451 Rearrange Words in a Sentence
https://leetcode.com/problems/rearrange-words-in-a-sentence/discuss/726284/javascript-solution

1452 People Whose List of Favorite Companies Is Not a Subset of Another List
https://leetcode.com/problems/people-whose-list-of-favorite-companies-is-not-a-subset-of-another-list/discuss/727707/javascript-solution

1491 Average Salary Excluding the Minimum and Maximum Salary
https://leetcode.com/problems/average-salary-excluding-the-minimum-and-maximum-salary/discuss/709478/javascript-solution-100






Contest:

1544 Make The String Great
https://leetcode.com/problems/make-the-string-great/discuss/781194/javascript-stack-128ms

1545 Find Kth Bit in Nth Binary String
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-kth-bit-in-nth-binary-string/discuss/781197/javascript-brute-force